The site should have a navigation bar with 3 buttons:
About Us - when clicked there should be some HTML rendered with some information about the website (feel free to get creative)
All Products - when clicked it should render different HTML on the page which displays a list of all the products
Each product should also have an add to cart button.
Cart Page - when clicked it should render new HTML to the page which will display all items that
 are already added to the cart (here items can have a delete from cart button).

Start by creating two arrays, one named cart (which can be initialized as an empty array) and the second called products. Products should be initialized with an array of products, where each product is an object with the following properties:
name - a string which represents the name of the product
price - a number which represents the price of the product
img - a url for an image- you can find something online and copy it’s ‘image-url’
4 or 5 dummy products is enough
Now, create the basic layout of how your web page is going to look. Make sure you have a div that acts as a content-container. This container is where you will be appending the different type of content (about us, all products, cart items).
Note the container should start out empty.
Let’s add some functionality to the web app:
Create a function in your JS that renders the about us content (which should just be a string). Have it invoked when the About Us button (in the nav-bar) is clicked. You can use an event listener to do this.
Create a function that renders all of the products (in your products array). Have it invoked when the All Products button is clicked (you can use an event listener for this).
Create a function that renders all of the products in your cart (you can start with one or two products in your cart array as dummy data). This function should be invoked when the Cart button is clicked.
You should empty the content-container at the beginning of each function, and append all information to the same content-container.
You should have a website that has "three pages". You should be able to navigate to each one by clicking a button in the nav-bar.



Add an item to your cart:
Create a function named addToCart which receives a product object and adds it to your cart array.
Add an event that triggers when a user clicks the Add to cart button on a given product. This event should invoke the addToCart function with the current product.
There are multiple ways to do this, feel free to get creative
Deleting an item from your cart:
Create a deleteFromCart function which receives a product object, finds it in the cart array and deletes it from the array.
Add an event that triggers when a user clicks the Delete from cart button on a given product (in your cart). This event should invoke the deleteFromCart function with the current product.
Again, there are multiple ways to do this, try and get creative.
Hint 1: Don’t rely on what appears on the page to understand what’s in the cart array. Use the debugger to see if the array updates after the the button is clicked.
Hint 2: After deleting an item from your cart array, make sure to re-invoke your function that displays all the products in your cart (your Cart page). This will result in the page refreshing every time the array changes.

Add some styling to make it look like a real web store. Choose some cool colors, and maybe make the nav-bar sticky. Check out some of these for inspiration.
Try adding a counter beside the Cart button. This counter should always show the amount of items in currently in your cart array.

